1. What are the typical Agile team roles and what parts of the development lifecycle is each role responsible for?
   1. Product Manager - Responsible for strategy, roadmap, and feature definition of a product. 
   2. Project Manager - responsible for process management and on-time delivery of one or more product teams. 
   3. Designer - responsible for the look and feel of a product. 
   4. User Researcher - responsible for understanding the reasons behind the behavior, wants and needs of end users. 
   5. Team Lead - responsible for technical management, direction and quality of one or more projects. 
   6. Developer - responsible for technical creation, maintenance, and overall integrity of the product. 
2. Why do we use Kanban boards in Agile development?
   1. Kanban boards help to keep track of each stage of the project, and who is responsible for each stages completion. 
3. Explain velocity and sprint as if you were teaching another student.
   1. Sprint is a measure of time, ranging between one to four weeks, in which work on a product feature is completed. 
   2. Velocity is the number of points per sprint a team completes. 
4. What format makes a good user story?
   1. “As a ____, I want ___, so ___.”
5. What are different estimation methods teams can use? Explain pros and cons of each method. Which method would you prefer?
   1. Cards, group discussions, or an online tool. 
   2. The advantage of using cards, would be that they are included with the Kanban board, and everyone would have access to them. A group discussion would also facilitate agreements and disagreements. An online tool could help organize estimation points. 
6. Give a real-world example of a development project, and explain the breakdown into epic(s), slices, cards, and tasks.
   1. New blog site (Epic)
      1. Home Page (Slice)
         1. Header (card)
         2. Content(card)
         3. Contact form (card)
7. Explain in your own words what a dual-track system is and what advantages it provides.
   1. A dual-track system is when a team works on one aspect of a product, while another team works on a different aspect of the same product. The advantage that this provides is that versions of the product can be released quicker. 
8. Choose one of the following projects and write each card that would be in the epic. Estimate each card. What columns would you need to have on your Kanban board?
   a. Planning a vacation. 
      1. Choosing location
         1. Paris
         2. London
         3. New York
      2. Buy Airfare
         1. Non-Stop
         2. Layovers
      3. Hotel
         1. Single
         2. Double
      4. Things to do
         1. Sightseeing
         2. Shopping
         3. Museums
         4. Dining. 
      5. How long
         1. Weekend
         2. Week
         3. Two Weeks